EXPANDR-8026: Azure Remediation Bug Fix and Improvements (#32882)
demisto/content: Packs/Azure-Enrichment-Remediation/ReleaseNotes/1_1_13.md

#### Playbooks

##### Azure - Network Security Group Remediation

> - Added the *SubscriptionID* and *ResourceGroup* optional inputes in case the subscription ID and/or resource group needs to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *SubscriptionID* and *ResourceGroup* optional inputs in case the subscription ID and/or resource group needs to be specified.
```

> - Add the *remediatedFlag* and *remediatedReason* outputs to supply information on whether the remediation action was successful and aditional information to the parent playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the *remediatedFlag* and *remediatedReason* outputs to supply information on whether the remediation action was successful and additional information for the parent playbook.
```
